Heads up! heads up! 
Here is another one! 
And a and another one

Yeet yeet WHOOP WHOOP! why you all in my ear! 
Talking a whole bunch of shit
That I aint trying to hear! 
Get back, muthafucka You do not know me like that! 
Get back muthafucka! You do not know me like that!)
Yeet yeet WHOOP WHOOP! I aint playing around! 
Make one false move I will take ya down
Get back! muthafucka You do not know me like that! 
(Get back! muthafucka You do not know me like that!)

WHOO! S-s-so come on come on
do not... get swung on, swung on
It is the knick knack paddywhack, still ride in Cadillacs
Family off the street! made my homies put the baggies back
Still stacking plaques! (yep!) still action packed! (yep!)
And dough! I keep it flipping like acrobats! 
That is why I pack a mac, that will crack them back
Cause on my waist there is more Heat than the Shaq Attack
But I aint speaking about ballin, ballin
Just thinking about brawlin till you all start bawlin
We all in together now, birds of a feather now
Just bought a plane so we changing the weather now
So put your brakes on, caps put your capes on
Or knock off your block, get dropped and have your face flown
Cause I will prove it! scratch off the music! 
Like hey little stupid! do not make me lose it! 

I came (I came) I saw (I saw)
I hit them right dead in the jaw (in the jaw)

See I caught them wit a right hook, caught them wit a jab
Caught them wit an uppercut, kicked them in his ass
Sent him on his way cause I aint for that talk! 
No trips to the county, I aint for that walk! 
We split like two pins at the end of a lane
We will knock out your spotlight and put an end to your fame
Put a DTP pendant at the end of yo chain
Then put the booty of a Swisha at the end of a flame

HEY! You want WHAT wit me! 
I am a tell you one time, do not FUCK wit me! 
GET DOWN! Cause I aint got nothing to lose
I am having a bad day, do not make me take it out on you! 
You want WHAT wit me! 
I am a tell you one time, do not FUCK wit me! 
GET DOWN! Cause I aint got nothing to lose
And I am having a bad day, do not make me take it out on you! 

Man! Cause I do not wanna do that
I want to have a good time and enjoy my Jack
Sit back and watch the women get drunk as hell
So I can wake up in the morning wit a story to tell
I know It is been a lil while since I been out the house! 
But now I am here, you wanna stand around
Running your mouth! 
I can't hear nothing you saying or spitting, so what is up! 
do not you see we in the club! Man shut the fuck up! 

Ah! We in the Red Light District! 
Ah! We in the Red Light District! 
WHOO! We in the Red Light District! 
Ah! We in the Red Light District! 
WHOO! We in the Red Light District! 
WHOO! The Red Light District! 
WHOO! The Red Light District! 
Ah, we in The Red Light District
